BLESuite README

BLESuite is both a Python package that provides an easier way to
test Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) devices. By utilizing pygattlib and the Bluez Bluetooth stack,
we are able to scan, read from, and write to BLE devices using Generic Attribute Profile (GATT) over the
Attribute protocol (ATT).
The goal of this tool is to create
an alternative to the Bluez gatttool typically used for communicating with BLE devices using
the GATT/ATT protocol.

Features:
    * Scan for BTLE devices
    * Scan BTLE devices for primary services and characteristics
    * SmartScan - Scan a BTLE device for basic information, primary services, characteristics, and then
    determining which descriptors are present, their handle, permissions, and current value (if applicable)
    * Write arbitrary values to a BTLE device (sync/async)
    * Read values from a specific handle and/or UUID on a BTLE device (sync/async)
    * Bluetooth address (BD_ADDR) spoofing (only some Bluetooth adapter chipsets are supported). This can be enabled by uncommenting a line in setup.py. Beware
    that this does require tools to compile CPython and libbluetooth.


Note to the reader:
    This tool was developed and tested on Debian 8. Specifically the testing
    distribution that includes a more current version of the Bluez Bluetooth
    stack (version 5.36 at the time of writing this)

    In order to access Bluetooth Low Energy functionality, you must have access
    to a Bluetooth adapter that supports it. I use the Pluggable Technologies
    USB-BT4LE Adapter.

The following are requirements in order to use BLESuite:
    * Bluez bluetooth stack
    * libbluetooth-dev and libpython-dev
    * Python library pygattlib. I am currently maintaining my own fork of pygattlib
    found at https://bitbucket.org/ttrabun/pygattlib-withhandles until the owner
    of pygattlib adds a fix for returning handles when reading UUIDs.

To install Python library:
    Open the PyGattlib directory and run sudo python setup.py install
    Run sudo python setup.py install

To view full documenation for the package, please install sphinx and sphinx_rtd_theme
using pip (if applicable) and use the make file in bleSuite/docs







